Summary
Functions are the primary way to compartmentalize your code into logical groups.
Since the variables in functions exist in their own local scopes,
code in one function cannot directly affect the values of variables in other functions.
This limits what code could be changing the values of your variables,
which can be helpful when it comes to debugging your code.

Functions are a great tool to help you organize your code.
You can think of them as black boxes: they have inputs in the form of parameters and outputs
in the form of return values, and the code in them doesn’t affect variables in other functions.

In previous chapters, a single error could cause your programs to crash.
In this chapter, you learned about try and except statements,
which can run code when an error has been detected. This can make your programs more
resilient to common error cases.


Practice Questions

1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
In a case where a program has a repeated action, it's better to call a function with that specific code in mind.
Saves a lot of time to create a fucntion that serves one purpose.

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
defined -> def call(x):

call(x)

3. What statement creates a function?
def

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
function is the block of code that serves a certain purpose,
function call is when you actually use function's code for the purpose it was created for.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
1 Global
X functions = X Local scopes

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
In short, the reset to original value.

Long: Variable value is lost, When the local variables are destroyed,
any values they held may be lost. If you need to preserve the values of certain variables after a function call,
you should pass them as arguments to the function or return them from the function.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
It is what is returned after a function goes through all its line of codes.
Yes it can.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
None

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
Call it from witihn a function

10. What is the data type of None?
Null / NoneType

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
brings modules from the libraries into your own programming code

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
import spam
spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
try/except - block

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
Try - Clause
This is where you place the code that you want to monitor for exceptions.
If any exception occurs within this block, the program will stop executing the code in the try block,
and it will immediately jump to the corresponding except block

Except - Clause
Specify how to handle the exception that was raised in the try block.